so I've been kind of caught up and
finishing up my favorite new adult
series and haven't really forayed into
any new to me new adult fiction lately
so if I do a TVR to motivate myself to
branch out a bit archers voiced by Mia
Sheridan this has amazing ratings and on
top of that it is a standalone so I
won't have to commit to another new dolt
series the description sounds pretty
typical for new adults something
horrific happened in the past she's
trying to make a new start and there's a
sky blah blah blah but you know noodle
is all about the execution out that pot
and we'll see if this book lives up to
its ratings it should be pretty
excellent if it does books and junk said
the characters were lovable and the plot
was interesting she did have some issues
with the lack of development on some of
the conflicts but overall she really
liked it my Goodreads friend Kelly on
the other hand thought it was a bit
boring and forgettable jla has a new new
adult book out the return she's actually
been getting into making new adult not
just a contemporary genre she's been
playing around with new adult paranormal
which I appreciate because I love
contemporary but I want to see that
genre grow beyond essentially the one
contemporary plot it seems to have right
now I haven't liked all of Jay la's
attempts at paranormal but I will give
it another go with this one this one is
about a guy who has pledged his life to
the gods and he does jobs for them
mostly really bloody violent jobs but
then they signed him to protect aka be a
bodyguard for this girl named Josie not
so hard to translate says this one gave
her all the feels actually no one really
had anything bad to say about it but it
did just come out so not that many
people I know have reviewed it yet
anyone read it yet ugly love by colleen
hoover i read hopeless but haven't read
anything else by colleen hoover yet this
seems to be a no string attached
arrangement becoming something more
storyline a previous maximus only review
on Goodreads is so much crying happening
right now but not so hard to translate
says she really could not connect with
Tate and ended up not liking the book so
fighting Redemption by Kate McCarthy
I actually already owned this in ebook
form I got it off one of those book deal
emails like book Bob or something like
that it has about 6,000 readings on
Goodreads almost all of them good it's
about a war veteran and the girl he's
always loved all my friends who've read
it really like it Stephanie from the
indie bookshelf says the writing style
is really beautiful go tat it and
tempting by Tammy Faulkner this is
another noodle book I got off of book
Bob I think but I haven't read it yet
the long line is she's locked up tight
but he might be the key but it's got
good ratings it's about this guy who
hasn't talked in eight years and all I
could tell about her from the book
description is that she really wants a
tattoo my goodreads friend Christina
says it was a cave but not great because
she didn't really totally believe their
love story kitkat can read on the other
hand loves this book it's she said it
reminded her of why she loved reading
new adult in the first place nachdi by
Courtney Cole this cover looks like it
should be sci-fi it's not it's
apparently a dark suspense new adult
which I haven't read one of those before
so I'm kind of curious this is less than
five thousand ratings on Goodreads so
supporting a small author is always
great it's about this girl whose twin
brother is insane and there's a secret
that has to be figured out my good weeds
friend pricey said it blew her freaking
mind cozying up with book says it was
her favorite read so far this year ten
tiny breasts by ka Tucker I've seen this
one around book too but there's a drunk
driving accident her family's messed up
she runs away with her little sister to
Florida which is where the story takes
place Angela from southern breads
southern Red did not like the main
character but Emily from obsessed
readers said she fell madly in love with
the characters the plot and just
everything I could swear I've read this
book but good read says I haven't so I
trust goodreads bore that I trust my
memory but this plot sounds really
really familiar so i'll see if i read it
before so i think that's a good bunch of
books to read have you read any of these
what did you think where should I start
what am I missing
you